For the group project, I was having some issues with the local host.
For some strange reason, the localhost8000 would work, but localhost3000 wouldnt work.
So i spen the weekend working on the issue and was able to get it resolved.

From looking at the issues page, I was able to see that other people were having the same issue as me.
So i posted a comment on the steps I took in order to resolve it.

I also sorta learned javascript.  I still have a lot to learn, but I think I grasp the basics.

With my new knowledge of Javascript, I put in 2 pull requests.
1 of them was my attempt at putting a copyright sign at the footer.
But for some strange reason, I would always get timed out.

The 2nd one was just changing the code so that it would use the arrow syntax.

My take on Wikipedia:
I believe wikipedia is a useful tool in helping people understand general ideas or concepts.
It also helps people with quick rundown and summary.

However, since it can be written by anyone, I believe wiki should only be used to just get a grasp at a subject.
For example, a famous boxer named Tyson Fury would edit his opponents wiki page just to troll him.
He would say that his boxer was a dosser and other random things just to get into the opponents head.

I do wish to contribute to wikipedia someday.  The articles I would contribute to are the ones that I have decent knowledge on.
It would be on pacific northwest bivalves and fish.
Or sports, such as freediving, boxing, or basketball.

After watching the interview by Jimmy Wales, I dont think the wikipedia has changed at all.  It stays the same since it is free and open source.
It can be edited by anyone and provides knowledge to everyone in the world.

