---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

Cathedral and the Bazaar

From reading the Cathedral and the Bazaar, Raymond Eric discusses 2 different types of philosophies regarding
different approaches to developing open source projects.
In the cathedral model, Eric describes it being in a more controlled environment.  In order to achieve this,
there are less people contributing to a project.
In the bazaar model, it is much more open.  Many more people are encouraged to work in the open source project.

I prefer the cathedral model.  I believe a small team working and focusing on a goal is much more efficient in
developing an open source project that the project founder set out to accomplish.  If it is too open, everyone
may have a different idea and approach to the project, creating massive conflicts on the road to completing the
tasks.

I really liked the idea of having smart data structures and dumb code works a lot better than the other way around.
I am not the greatest coder in the world.  This resonated with me because it reinforced the idea of keep it stupid simple.
LOL

Another quote that I liked was good programmers know how write. Great ones know what to rewrite.
This quote tells me not to reinvent the wheel.  Sometimes, I look at a project and try to make it better by adding
different stuff to my code.  But, sometimes, reusing is much more simpler and time efficient.

Free vs. Open
They are similar because they are both open and available to users.
Free means the ability to run it, study it, change it, and redistribute it.  That is the main goal.
However, Open means to make a software better, not necessarily free.  There maybe some licenses that prevent it from
being completely free.

FreeCodeCamp progress
I have been reading more of the issues and things that the group can work on together to develop a big project.
As of the moment, we will be working on rewriting stubs.  Thus, I have been reading up on some of the things that
are stubs so that I can contribute to the empty stubs.
