My favorite lessons from the book were the following:

Perfection (in design) is achieved not when there is nothing more to add, but rather when there is nothing more to take away."

I think this means that once your program does its task for its intended use, it is perfect.
People often overcompicated or overengineer simple projects by adding unneccessary functions.

However, by adding those functions, it changes the purpose of the project.  Thus, the more simpler it is,
the better it is.

I agree with this because when you try to add something new to something that an existing userbase uses,
it creates chaos due to the users unfamiliarity with the new functions.  Just as we discussed in class,
people created an uproar due to the implementation of windows 8.  Even though it was new, many people hated it
because it added something that was not required.

Often, the most striking and innovative solutions come from realizing that your concept of the problem was wrong

I think this means that there are many solutions to a problem and not to be stuck on your a certain idea.

It is ok to be wrong.  I am more often incorrect than correct.  It is through failure where we learn to grow
as a person.

Project evaluation

This week, I created a new pull request for a new lesson in free code camp.
Currently, it isn't complete.  It needs some documentation stuff done but other than that, it seems to be good.
The lesson was  changing a react class to a react hook.
It took me a while to understand how to do all the coding stuff and install the environments for all the stuff
in order to complete at least 1 of the coding challenges.  I will work on more as time progresses.
